#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
asgiref==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==24.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   daphne
automat==24.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
channels==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
channels-redis==4.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
constantly==23.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autobahn
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
daphne==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   djangorestframework
django-channels==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymongo
dotenv==0.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-google-genai
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.165.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
incremental==24.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.26
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.68
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==2.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langsmith==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
mongoengine==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
multidict==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
orjson==3.10.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gunicorn
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pymongo==4.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mongoengine
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dotenv
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
redis==5.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-channels
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-channels
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
service-identity==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-channels
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via -r requirements.in
twisted[tls]==24.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   daphne
txaio==23.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autobahn
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   twisted
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zope-interface==7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
